[libc] Template the writing mode for the writer class (#111559)
llvm/llvm-project: libc/docs/configure.rst

    - ``LIBC_CONF_PRINTF_FLOAT_TO_STR_USE_DYADIC_FLOAT``: Use dyadic float for faster and smaller but less accurate printf doubles.
    - ``LIBC_CONF_PRINTF_FLOAT_TO_STR_USE_FLOAT320``: Use an alternative printf float implementation based on 320-bit floats
    - ``LIBC_CONF_PRINTF_FLOAT_TO_STR_USE_MEGA_LONG_DOUBLE_TABLE``: Use large table for better printf long double performance.

>     - ``LIBC_CONF_PRINTF_RUNTIME_DISPATCH``: Use dynamic distpatch for conversion functions to reduce code size.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
    - ``LIBC_CONF_PRINTF_RUNTIME_DISPATCH``: Use dynamic dispatch for the output mechanism to reduce code size.
```
